good that's the sound of the personal
Rapid Transit shutting down a common
experience for many WVU students I got
stuck on the PRT for almost 45 minutes
it always breaks down and the PRT is now
it is down the PRT was built in two
phases in 1973 and 1975 as a
demonstration project funded by the
Federal Transit Administration PRT
administrator early Forman explains that
although the transit was
state-of-the-art when it was constructed
it now faces problems due to outdated
technology if you just think about it in
terms of your modern PC if you had a PC
that was 37 year old how well would it
work
WVU's Board of Governors have approved a
15 million dollar renovation to the
system in an attempt to bring the PRTs
daily average availability rate up to
99% with renovations to the system the
PRT will be able to get riders to their
destination even faster
some students admire the uniqueness of
WV use PRT and look forward to the
upgrades when I first came to W when I
was a sophomore in high school when I
was doing a tour I said parent do this
is the coolest thing I've ever seen
trying to improve the GRT because we do
need it and we need it to work all the
time maybe cool music maybe things like
the u 92 radio and their provements to
the system should be completed by 2016
Sarah Corr denier WVU news Morgantown
you
I'm Sarah corner and coming up on WV
News I'll tell you how improvements to
technology will move WV you into the
future lack of transportation holding
you back I'm Sarah Corr denier and
straight ahead I'll tell you how
improvements to infrastructure will keep
students moving forward are you tired of
PRT problems I'm Sarah Corr denier and
I'll tell you how the university is
getting transportation back on track our
award-winning WV news starts now